docs/verifcation-key/verifcation-key-get.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import { DatabaseExample } from "@site/src/dynamic";

# Get Verification Key

The `info` method allows you to retrieve important settings related to a specific database, including the public key and Merkle tree height. These settings are crucial for understanding the cryptographic configuration of the database.

#### Method Signature

```ts
verificationKey(): Promise<TVerificationKeyResponse>;
```

#### Syntax

<DatabaseExample
  auth={true}
  code={`\nconsole.log(await zkdb.db("zkdb_test").verificationKey());`}
/>

#### Returns

- A promise that resolves to a `TVerificationKeyResponse` or null if no verification keys are available.

##### `TVerificationKeyResponse`

This is a record mapping contract names `EContractName` to their corresponding verification key details `TZkDbVerificationKeyRecord`.

##### `EContractName`

| **Value** | **Description**                                           |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| Rollup    | Represents the verification key for rollup contracts.     |
| Contract  | Represents the verification key for zkdb smart contracts. |

```json
{
  "Contract": {
    "_id": "678fd6764d1813bd362f7b65",
    "contractName": "Contract",
    "merkleHeight": 8,
    "verificationKeyHash": "7d892b456151a3c95e27de7ef8fb3dfdfe2294b4d72d5c89e8e373005aa6358a",
    "data": "AQFihNY9Eur2I...",
    "hash": "11039021637501775772008318574453933091253743015110713939551628556211349714893",
    "createdAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z"
  },
  "Rollup": {
    "_id": "678fd6764d1813bd362f7b66",
    "contractName": "Rollup",
    "merkleHeight": 8,
    "verificationKeyHash": "53d15949c41469c0bc0942b87a7678a05517c03731c4a9a993a96f9bea87ceb3",
    "data": "AQHwbVNVDjAVn...",
    "hash": "9102873522666665449936385888808683444277565713030518648166535561287070859687",
    "createdAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z"
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add on introduction get verification key

docs/verifcation-key/verifcation-key-get.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

import { DatabaseExample } from "@site/src/dynamic";

# Get Verification Key

The `verificationKey` method allows you to retrieve important verification keys associated with specific contracts in the database. These keys include details like the Merkle tree height, key hashes, and raw encoded data. They are essential for verifying zero-knowledge proofs and understanding the cryptographic configuration of the system.

#### Method Signature

```ts
verificationKey(): Promise<TVerificationKeyResponse>;
```

#### Syntax

<DatabaseExample
  auth={true}
  code={`\nconsole.log(await zkdb.db("zkdb_test").verificationKey());`}
/>

#### Returns

- A promise that resolves to a `TVerificationKeyResponse` or null if no verification keys are available.

##### `TVerificationKeyResponse`

This is a record mapping contract names `EContractName` to their corresponding verification key details `TZkDbVerificationKeyRecord`.

##### `EContractName`

| **Value** | **Description**                                           |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| Rollup    | Represents the verification key for rollup contracts.     |
| Contract  | Represents the verification key for zkdb smart contracts. |

```json
{
  "Contract": {
    "_id": "678fd6764d1813bd362f7b65",
    "contractName": "Contract",
    "merkleHeight": 8,
    "verificationKeyHash": "7d892b456151a3c95e27de7ef8fb3dfdfe2294b4d72d5c89e8e373005aa6358a",
    "data": "AQFihNY9Eur2I...",
    "hash": "11039021637501775772008318574453933091253743015110713939551628556211349714893",
    "createdAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z"
  },
  "Rollup": {
    "_id": "678fd6764d1813bd362f7b66",
    "contractName": "Rollup",
    "merkleHeight": 8,
    "verificationKeyHash": "53d15949c41469c0bc0942b87a7678a05517c03731c4a9a993a96f9bea87ceb3",
    "data": "AQHwbVNVDjAVn...",
    "hash": "9102873522666665449936385888808683444277565713030518648166535561287070859687",
    "createdAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-01-21T17:16:38.294Z"
  }
}
```
